What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	creates .git folder
	initizialise the folder as a repository therefore will start tracking changes
	it does not commit as we have to do this ourselves
	I need to do it as it is the only way to track changes through git

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	the staging area is not saved. It is a copy of the file ready to be saved with their changes
	It permets to create a fully logical commit by grouping the files that make sense.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	By adding files with linked and logical changes
	Group files following logic before comitting them.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	Working collectively on different implementations. each implementation equal one branch
	Branches help by keeping a copy of the code for each big change
	It is easy to change from a branch to another
	Working on a new feature without affecting the state of the current game

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Helps by visualisizing the link between each commits
	Easy to find parents of each commit
	Easy to see the state of each branches	

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Combines all commits from both branches into one single branch.
	Links two or more branches together keeping commit history for each of them


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	It is much easier and faster


Commands:

git add  |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.